Adding 3 new CDK stacks to support Weathertop (#4687)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: test/sqs_lambda_to_batch_fargate/README.md

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

# Batch Fargate Consumer Stack

> The code in this directory deploys a CDK stack capable of running integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in this directory deploys an AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) stack capable of running integration tests.
```

This stack can be deployed in isolation; however, it serves a purpose in this repository's [test automation architecture](../README.md).

> Specifically, an SQS topic consumes messages from a cross-account SNS topic. SQS then triggers a Lambda function which submits a new AWS Batch job containing test commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) topic consumes messages from a cross-account Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Amazon SQS then triggers an AWS Lambda function that submits a new AWS Batch job containing test commands.
```

![weathertop-comp-2.png](..%2Farchitecture_diagrams%2Fpng%2Fweathertop-comp-2.png)

git pu---
## System requirements
* npm (node.js)
* python 3.7  

> * AWS access key & secret for AWS user with permissions to create resources listed above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AWS access key and secret for AWS user with permissions to create the preceding resources
```

### Environment variables

> Before going any further, save your language name as an environment variable called `LANGUAGE_NAME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before continuing, save your language name as an environment variable called `LANGUAGE_NAME`.
```

> If your language is Java, you would use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your language is Java, use:
```

```
export LANGUAGE_NAME=javav2
```

Also, save the AWS Account ID of the AWS account that is currently emitting 
events that this stack will process.
```
export PRODUCER_ACCOUNT_ID=12345678901
```

> Lastly, save the name of the SNS topic that will be producing the events mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, save the name of the SNS topic that will be producing the previously mentioned events.
```

> If created using [this Producer CDK code](../eventbridge_rule_with_sns_fanout/README.md) it will look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If created using [this Producer CDK code](../eventbridge_rule_with_sns_fanout/README.md), it will look something like this:
```

```
export FANOUT_TOPIC_NAME=ProducerStack-fanouttopic6EFF7954-pYvxBdNPbEWM
```
---

> ## CDK setup & deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AWS CDK setup and deployment
```

> First, you will need to install the AWS CDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the AWS CDK:
```

```
sudo npm install -g aws-cdk
```

You can check the toolkit version with this command:

```
cdk --version
```

Now you are ready to create a virtualenv:

```
python3 -m venv .venv
```

Activate your virtualenv:

```
source .venv/bin/activate
```

Install the required dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

At this point you can now synthesize the CloudFormation template for this code.

```
cdk synth
```

> If everything looks good, go ahead and deploy!  This step will actually make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything looks good, go ahead and deploy. This step will actually make
```

changes to your AWS cloud environment.  

```
cdk bootstrap
cdk deploy
```

To clean up, issue this command:

```
cdk destroy
```

To exit the virtualenv python environment:

```
deactivate
```

# Useful commands

>  * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
>  * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
>  * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
>  * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
>  * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cdk ls`          List all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       Emit the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      Deploy this stack to your default AWS account/Region
 * `cdk diff`        Compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        Open CDK documentation
```
